Android studio is the one piece of software that you need from this course.
It's made by Google and it includes both a development environment and a simulator so that you can actually
see the results of your apps that you've been building right there on your machine.
It's easier than ever to install and doesn't require any extra software to run unlike previous versions
of Android studio.
So to get it just go to developer on Android dot com forth slash studio and that will take you to this
page where you can click the nice big green download Android studio button so agreed to the terms and
conditions and then click to download.
You can save the downloaded file wherever you like.
I'll just say that here in my downloads folder.
Now it's a pretty big file so depending on your internet speed it might take a little while to download.
So go make yourself a cup of tea and come back when it's done and that's now finished downloading.
So I'm going to find it in my downloads folder and double click on the file that's been downloaded.
This will then run the installation process for you and it should do everything that you need to set
up Android studio.
OK.
So that's now completed.
So we clicked next and then start Android studio
on the scene that you don't have a previous version of your studio if you do just select that first
option and it will import all of your settings from that version.
And then we begin with the wizard that will take us through the setup process to just click next.
And I'd go for the standard option and the default options that will be setting up our virtual devices
ourselves later on so we can leave that unchecked and then click Finish and then we go through the process
of downloading and installing each of those and then we get now that downloading and set up is completed
and we're welcome to Android studio and ready to start building apps.
Which is exactly what we'll be doing in the next video.